1.How many types of nested classes are there in java?What Are The Different Types Of Inner Classes?
2.Can we access non-static members of outer class inside a static nested class?
3.What are member inner classes in java?
4.Can member inner classes have static members in them?
5.Can we access all the members of outer class inside a member inner class?
6.Can we declare local inner classes as static?
7.Can we use local inner classes outside the method or block in which they are defined?
8.Can we declare local inner classes as private or protected or public?
9.What is the condition to use local variables inside a local inner class?
10.What are anonymous inner classes in java?
11.What is the main difference between static and non-static nested classes?
12.What Are The Advantages Of Inner Classes?
13.What Is Static Member Class?
14.What Are Non Static Inner Classes?
15.Can A Static Nested Class Have Access To The Enclosing Class's Non-static Methods Or Instance Variables?
16.What Are Disadvantages Of Using Inner Classes?
17.What Are Different Types Of Anonymous Classes?	
18.If You Compile A File Containing Inner Class How Many .class Files Are Created And Are All Of Them Accessible In Usual Way?
19.How To Access The Inner Class From Code Within The Outer Class?
20.How To Create An Inner Class Instance From Outside The Outer Class Instance Code?
21.Which Modifiers Can Be Applied To The Inner Class?
22.Can The Method Local Inner Class Object Access Method Local Variables?
23.Can A Method Local Inner Class Access The Local Final Variables? Why?
24.Can A Local Class Declared Inside A Static Method Have Access To The Instance Members Of The Outer Class?
25.Can A Method Which Is Not In The Definition Of The Superclass Of An Anonymous Class Be Invoked On That Anonymous Class Reference?
26.Can An Anonymous Class Define Method Of Its Own?
27.Can An Anonymous Class Implement An Interface And Also Extend A Class At The Same Time?
28.Why can outer Java classes access inner class private members?
29.Can a static nested class have access to the enclosing class non-static methods or instance variables?
30.If you compile a file containing inner class how many .class files are created and what are all of them accessible in usual way?